Update byoe-rhel8.md (#2433)
splunk/splunk-connect-for-syslog: docs/gettingstarted/byoe-rhel8.md

> # Configure SC4S in a custom environment

Reviewer: maybe something like `non-containerized SC4S deployment`? 
Because the only difference between this and other deployments is that here we do bare-metal deployment, and in others we use podman/docker containers

Author: something like this? "# Configure SC4S in a non-containerized SC4S deployment

Configuring SC4S in a non-containerized SC4S deployment requires a custom configuration. Consider this configuration only if:"

we probably still want to talk about what is and what isn't supported, for now i took out the "we don't support it" part, because it seems like we do, but to a limited extent. Any suggestions?

Reviewer: The changes version sounds great, thank you. please only restore the part related to the support

Splunk does not support configuring SC4S in a custom environment. Consider this configuration only if:

> * Your specific needs demand that you use SC4S in a custom environment.

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
* Your specific requirements preclude the use of containers or demand that you use SC4S in a custom environment.
```

Author: sounds good to me.

* An up-to-date syslog-ng installation built from source or installed from community-built RPMs.  

NOTE: You must modify the base configuration for most
environments to accomodate enterprise infrastructure variations. When you upgrade, evaluate the current environment compared to this reference then develop and test an installation-specific installation plan. 

Do not depend on the distribution-supplied version of syslog-ng, as it may not be recent enough to support your needs.
See [explanation](https://www.syslog-ng.com/community/b/blog/posts/installing-latest-syslog-ng-on-rhel-and-other-rpm-distributions)
to learn more.

# Install SC4S in a custom environment 

These installation instructions assume a recent RHEL or CentOS-based release. You may have to make minor adjustments for
Debian and Ubuntu. The examples provided here use pre-compiled binaries for the syslog-ng installation in `/etc/syslog-ng`. Your configuration may vary.

The following installation instructions are summarized from a 
[blog](https://www.syslog-ng.com/community/b/blog/posts/introducing-the-syslog-ng-stable-rpm-repositories)

> maintained by a developer at One Identity. 

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
maintained by the One Identity team.
```
?

Author: sure!
